Updates package.manifest example with missing info about bundleOptions (#3871)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Property-Editors/package-manifest.md

}
```

## Bundling

> `bundleOptions` is an enum that expects one of the following values:

Reviewer: I don't know the suggested changes here makes sense, but `enum` threw me off a bit 🤔 
Perhaps we could loose the ´type´?

```suggestion
`bundleOptions` is an enumerable type that expects one of the following values:
```

* `Default` - The default bundling behavior for assets in the package folder where the assets will be bundled with the typical packages bundle.
* `None` - The assets in the package will not be processed at all and will all be requested as individual assets and will essentially be a bundle that has composite processing turned off for both debug and production

> * `Independent` - The packages assets will be processed as it's own separate bundle. (in debug, files will not be processed)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Independent` - The packages assets will be processed as its own separate bundle. (In debug, files will not be processed)
```
